Mr. Shen confirms one thing with you.
But it's okay to say
Rumor has it that you and Gao Qilan have divorced
I don't know if so
That's right, then I have no scruples
Somebody bring Gao Qilan down for me
President Wang, Miss Gao is my guest
Can you, Miss Chen?
Cosmetics produced by a company under Gao Qi's name
When the First Lady is disfigured, I advise you
Mind your own business
This price review can't keep the high price
President Wang, is this a misunderstanding?
Is it a misunderstanding?
Follow me to the supervision center to investigate clearly
Take it away
That's impossible.
Mr. Ke, please find a way to save us, Mr. Gao
Yeah.
Our Ke family still has some relationship with the shooter
I'll talk to my father later.
Should be lenient
Thank you Ke Shao
Lanlan Cosmetics Company
It's all the recipe I gave you three years ago.
What could go wrong?
Wait a minute.